today we're going to demonstrate
oven-baked hashbrowns
I love hashbrowns but unfortunately the
oil is not as beneficial as if we could
get the oil out and make it taste just
as good and we're going to show you a
way to do that we're going to start with
a half a cup of raw cashews I'm going to
put in 3/4 cup of water 1/2 a tablespoon
of onion powder 1/2 teaspoon of garlic
powder be careful with that because too
much is going to take over as a dominant
flavor and then 2 tablespoons of chicken
flavoring I've chosen Mackay's you can
choose a different brand
I like McKay's it has no MSG in it and
the the type that I get and I'm just
going to blend those until smooth and
with a high speed blender it only takes
a few seconds
okay that's now smooth I'm going to add
that to 8 cups of hashbrowns you can get
frozen hashbrowns and this would speed
up the process of making it you will
need 2 pounds which is equivalent to 8
cups you just want to mix that mixture
in with the hashbrowns we're then going
to cover it with a cup of finely diced
onions put it on our cookie sheet and
then put it in the oven at 400 degrees
for 20 minutes or until the edges are
getting quite brown you don't want to
leave it in too long
because the edges will start burning so
that's pretty well mixed up we're going
to add 1 cup of finely diced onions
going to mix that in and then put it on
a cookie sheet you can use a nonstick
cookie sheet I put a very slight amount
of olive oil on this cookie sheet just
so that the hashbrowns won't stick to it
and then we're going to put it in the
oven so that's pretty well mixed up and
we're going to just place that onto the
cookie sheet you want to spread it
fairly smooth uniform thickness don't
compress it too much and then we'll put
that in the oven for 20 minutes and you
will be amazed that this tastes so much
like hashbrowns that you've cooked in a
skillet with all that oil so here we
have our oven baked hash browns and
there's not a bit of oil except a little
bit of oil that was in the cashew nuts
when you eat this you'll never go back
to eating hashbrowns with oil you can
notice that it's a little browned on the
edge that's what you want it to look
like that's tells you and it's done the
potatoes are cooked nicely through and
you can serve those up and your family
will just love them enjoy
you